feat: add pathfinding exercise (#2537)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/relative-distance/introduction.md

# Introduction

You've been hired to develop **Noble Knots**, the hottest new dating app for nobility!
With centuries of royal intermarriage, things have gotten… _complicated_.
To avoid any _oops-we're-twins_ situations, your job is to build a system that checks how closely two people are related.

> Inspired by Iceland’s famous "[Islendinga-App][islendiga-app]" (which prevents accidental dating of a close relative), your algorithm will determine the **degree of separation** between two individuals in the royal family tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspired by Iceland's famous "[Islendinga-App][islendiga-app]" (which prevents accidental dating of a close relative), your algorithm will determine the **degree of separation** between two individuals in the royal family tree.
```

Author: Thanks, I put that into the other suggestions, as they overlap.

> Inspired by Iceland’s famous "[Islendinga-App][islendiga-app]" (which prevents accidental dating of a close relative), your algorithm will determine the **degree of separation** between two individuals in the royal family tree.

Reviewer 2: The app itself isn’t famous nor is it even available any more. The database with the genealogical information should be the focus. I’d also remove the accidental dating part because that’s a thing  the app added. The database itself is a standard genealogical database so it doesn’t stop accidental dating any more than FamilySearch.

Reviewer 3: I second this comment.

Author: Oh, I had no idea the app was discontinued. When it came out, it was quite the talk in my area, so I assumed it was well-known around the globe.

```suggestion
Noble Knots is inspired by Iceland’s "[Islendinga-App][islendiga-app]," which is backed up by a database that traces all known family connections between Icelanders from the time of the settlement of Iceland.
Your algorithm will determine the **degree of separation** between two individuals in the royal family tree.
```
